according to nexo who sponsored this
video their new Tri Vision Ultra
portable projector uses AI to
automatically Keystone automatically
detect screens automatically align your
image and even automatically detect if
you are looking into its laser output in
order to protect your eyes so I'll tell
you what next too either your product is
going to look real great by the end of
this video or I'm not going to be able
to tell the difference I'm going to try
it the eye protection oh good
of course nobody's going to care about
their perfectly aligned image and
working eyes if the image isn't any good
so it's a 4K projector it comes with a
factory calibration report and they
claim that in SDR it is able to achieve
a Delta of less than one it supports
Dolby vision and hdr10 and uses their
Tri LED Laser Technology to achieve
better color accuracy wider color gamut
and greater brightness achieving 2600
lumens according to the spec sheet in
the back we've got two the three HDMI
2.1 inputs one supporting EC one
supporting game right it's got game
actually apparently it really does it's
rated at 4.2 milliseconds of input lag
in game mode we've also got uh USB if
you want to play your files or whatever
else as well as 3 and half mm audio out
spit if a network Jack and a third HDMI
port nope not there I'll find it it is
in there I was right I just need a
screwdriver if only there was somewhere
I could get a screwdriver
wait I know Home Depot no LTT store
that's the one anyway there's a third
HDMI 2.1 input in the bottom there's
both oh that's cool you've got a little
micro USB for power and then you've got
an HDMI input for your fire stick this
is a really smart way of delivering a
smart display without saddling your
customers with you know whatever random
Android skin you happen to be using
instead you can use whatever random
Android skin Amazon happens to be using
now I think it's time for for us to fire
it
uh H this feels like there's more stuff
in here but I see foam at the bottom
ah foam and power cable and also dang it
what is in here that's so heavy what is
this good Lord wow a 300 wat power brick
okay I guess that's how they get the
light output with the power brick
curiously there's no link to Netflix or
Disney Plus or prime or anything like
that so what are the Vegas odds on me
losing my vision in the next 5 minutes
here I guess you'll just be chief
officer chief officer have you talked
about the weight yet I'm doing my best
these things take time oh the weight I
get it uh yeah it's pretty light 11.46
lbs
wow yep that feels like 11.46 lbs all
right great here we go let's plug it in
it's a bit of a hack though because the
power brick probably weighs another 3 PB
a damn it okay I need a longer power
course this is the thing about every
projector set set up it's super elegant
until you need to power the projector
but hey look if this thing's as
impressive as it is on paper maybe it'll
be worth it this is my companion brick
let's fire this bad boy up oh and we're
probably also going to need a screen
which it should detect let's see how
that
goes oh I meant to mention the speakers
earlier dual 15 watt speakers they've
actually got a little bit of Rumble now
it doesn't have a qu2 mount but no feet
so you're going to be using
books there we go oh you got a light
stand oh that'll do perfect this will
help us at least make sure that the
screen is within the bounds of what we
can hit with the projector
so no stop is a setting you can turn off
I'm going to turn off the automatic
stuff for now I do still want to see if
it'll work cuz normally I would have a
little bit more Flex ility in terms of
where I'm placing the
thing oh crap I've ruined
everything whole game
over okay this is now a solvable problem
because the size of the projected image
is greater than the size of the screen
let's see if it can dial it in here we
go turn on the automatic everything
speaking of have I mentioned the maximum
screen size they say they support 150
150 in
yeah the automatic screen detection
seems to be aspirational at this
point all right there we go we got it
down in hey we should probably turn off
some light so we can actually see what
this thing looks like image parameters
let's go ooh actually let's do super
bright first super bright wow make sure
the vents aren't blocked make sure the
temperature does not go above 77 F and
do not turn the volume above
40%
dang we in super bright mode okay let's
not bother with that let's go with uh
Vision night and let's turn some lights
off big shout out nexico here they've
got their motion estimation motion
compensation feature that's like
highlighted on the box but is off by
default thank you that's the correct
setting for that it has a 24 FPS mode so
it'll go into 24 FPS native which is
pretty cool there's all the projector
settings you would expect so you can
have it rear mounted or ceiling mounted
uh you can configure it so if you're
aiming at a white wall it'll help
compensate for that but what's cool is
that this is just a display menu it's
not actually Smart in any way without
that fire stick that we put in it before
and I actually kind of prefer this
approach it means it'll never be
outdated I get a little bit of rainbow
effect if I look at the lens off axis I
shift my eyes
around but I'm not picking it up on the
screen I wonder why that is speaking of
which do I have the eye protection thing
on seeing how the screen detection and
all of that worked I think my confidence
is a little lower but hey let's give it
a shot is it going to turn off if I look
at it automatic obstacle avoidance wait
so what does obstacle avoidance mean
like if there was a lamp or the light
switch or something on the wall we try
to avoid it oh interesting okay well we
don't have that we have a screen because
we are smart and if we're spending this
much on a projector we should probably
get at least a basic
screen hope it
works you broke it oh there you
go nice at this price it doesn't need
any of the AI to impress me
it's 1,00 in their Early Access and it's
1,00 once that's passed so if this even
remotely holds up to the kind of image
quality that the specs say it should
have uh it's going to be pretty
compelling even though you do have to
manually do the Keystone man it must be
rough being a sponsor for this channel
cuz you're like yeah man I'm just going
to like sponsor an ad and then we're
going to like test your features and if
they're bad we're totally going to have
that in the video it is what it is but
hey that's how you guys know that if we
say something's good it's actually good
so HDMI 3 Let's Go actually now that
I've got some more white elements on
screen I take back what I said before I
can pick up the rainbow effect looking
at the screen so if you're super
sensitive to it then you will notice it
on
this not bad the blacks are not the
deepest I've ever seen but it's got
enough brightness that the perceived
contrast is still quite High especially
at that early bird price this is a lot
of image w we weren't even at 4K either
so this should be quite a bit
sharper man and we've even still got a
fair bit of light in here 3D settings
seriously it supports 3D hilarious for
all y'all that are out there with your
3D projection setups 1,100 bucks hey and
it's a pretty painless setup you just
plunk it on a thing well and then
manually Keystone it you know Keystone
used to be pretty much unusable because
the light spill was so strong but on
these newer projectors where you can
barely even perceive it even if you know
what you're looking for it's pretty
usable also the improved resolution
helps right like when you were using
Keystone on a 720p projector you were
giving up a lot of the very limited
resolution you had but now that it's 4K
yeah you give up a little bit of
resolution no big deal crab Rave let's
[Music]
go it's like I said before not the
highest Clarity I've ever heard but it's
actually got some kick to it which makes
sense when you look at the size of the
drivers but was not expected given that
most projectors have absolutely none
let's play some games though can it hold
up in games you can really see how much
light spill there is in this room from
even just the cracks in the windows cuz
they can see the shadow of your camera
arm thing on the
screen so everything you're looking at
then remember this is under suboptimal
conditions for sure like this is really
vibrant so we're plugged into HDMI 2
which is the like game port and let's
just go down here oh look at that oh
that's cool okay so before I was a
little confused cuz it was grayed out I
had wanted to like change it to HMI 2.1
but it only lets you select the highest
version that is supported and then you
can fall back to a lower version if you
want that works exactly like I would
hope okay so enable low latency is not
on even though we're plugged into the
game port but that's going to cost us
24p Cinema mode 3D mode and Keystone
correction not having Keystone could be
a
bummer wait Keystone is totally still
working I am just not going to question
it Keystone 100% working now I'm pretty
good at this game who's using this
controller which game are you good at
this one yeah really yeah cuz you've
told me you're good at games before and
I am were you good at the ones you told
me you were good at uh editor pull that
[Music]
up I don't even remember how to pick a
character well I'm blue okay I guess I'm
pink got him uh okay standard match okay
let's go oh no no I played this with a
PlayStation controller on the lwig
stream the controls are different a w w
oh no I'm going to get wrecked
it's it's hard for me to tell cuz I okay
hold on I'm going to stop using the
analog stick use the analog stick come
on man yeah why
not a what is even happening right now
big W's that's what's happening oh man I
thought I was good at this game okay
let's try something where I'm going to
be a little more easily able to tell
what the input lag is like it actually
does not feel very good it didn't feel
good no no um so I need to I need to
figure out if this is a settings issue
okay we figured it out to get the super
low latency mode working you need to be
running in 1080P and 240 HZ now I don't
think the PlayStation supports 240 HZ so
we're hooking up a computer let's go
okay now that I'm hooked up to a PC I
think I figured out the latency thing it
is much better in 240 HZ 1080p but it
isn't 4.2 milliseconds nexo seems to be
conflating the amount of time that each
frame is being displayed with the input
leg which is not how that works it's
okay but if you're playing games that
require pixel perfect timing this is not
the world's fastest gaming projector
it's also not the world's most expensive
gaming projector so with that in mind
the compromises do make sense but Mexico
needs to clean up that messaging on
their site hey guys future line is here
turns out we were right with low latency
mode off and Keystone on the latency of
this projector gets as high as 35 to 50
milliseconds depending on the operating
mode but with low latency on and
Keystone off we saw it get as low as
about 5 to 8 milliseconds so uh let's
try that with Counter
Strike oh yeah there you go okay yeah
this feels
great like
awesome I mean I'm still not any good at
games
but yeah this is awesome this is like
super low in conclusion thanks nexico
for sponsoring this video of the tri
Vision Ultra it really does offer a very
interesting combination of features
portability decent performance and
especially at the early bird pricing a
very compelling value so you guys can
find the link in the video description
if you want to check it out